some people will say that it the Warren
Commission is involved in this
conspiracy some people will say the
Warren Commission simply was incompetent
one of the conclusions that I reach and
is where I will end is although I do not
myself believe that the Warren
Commission was consciously involved in
an attempt to suppress the truth about
the assassination in personal point of
view I believe that they they did a
profound disservice to the American
people that they did not conduct a
serious comprehensive conscientious
investigation of the assassination which
they could have done in 1964 and I
couldn't do in 1994 so they did not do
it they creep they created what I think
was a prosecutor's brief against Oswald
any evidence they could find that was in
criminal against Oswald they would
include things that were exculpatory
they left out of the report so they did
a profound disservice and led to I think
giving life to many of the conspiracy
theories I don't know who killed
President Kennedy if I think there is no
if we differentiate between
circumstantial evidence sort of some
backgrounds whose in which place at
which time we differentiate between
circumstantial evidence and direct
evidence saying I saw someone pick up
the rifle and shoot if we differentiate
between those there's no direct evidence
on anybody for the Kennedy assassination
it's a circumstantial case and whether
you believe it that it was Castro or
anti-castro or mafia or CIA you have to
make your case based on circumstantial
evidence and that's not shocking or new
or immoral that's what legal cases often
argued when you don't have direct
evidence you have to put the
circumstances together and try and find
the most plausible explanation if we
actually ask the question was Oslo I'll
tee beyond a reasonable doubt
assuming that we apply legal standards
at the times
the Oswald had lived the judge had
applied evidentiary rules appropriately
that he had instructed the jury he maybe
the judge was ashamed that's possible
know Dallas know where he when he if he
made those decisions instructed the jury
correctly and the jury made a correct
decision not based on emotion but the
evidence I am convinced that Oswald
would have been found not guilty by
beyond a reasonable doubt to me there's
just no question he is not guilty beyond
a reasonable doubt that doesn't mean he
didn't do it but it means that the
evidence was not there key pieces of
evidence were for in legal terms their
chain of custody to being lost so
somebody says somebody gave it to me and
that person says I didn't give it to him
and they're just chain of custody is a
serious problem throughout the entire
Kennedy assassination whether it's the
mannlicher-carcano whether it's the
ballistics and other so the evidence is
not there and so you can have a
circumstantial case and there is some
inculpatory evidence some pretty good
evidence that Oswald knew something was
going on immediately after the
assassination he learns the president's
killed he doesn't sit around Dealey
Plaza looking and trying to find people
he tries to get out there he immediately
goes home and he gets a gun now that's
not if I heard of somebody being
assassinated that would not be my
reaction so I assume and there are many
other things that he knew about
something that was going on maybe he
knew that he had just killed the
president or maybe he thought somebody
asked him to be in the lunchroom during
the time of the assassination and he
realized he was going to be framed for
it so he's going to defend protect his
life but he knew something was going on
there there is something there he's not
completely innocent
that is completely innocent of knowing
something that's going on I can't see
any plausible explanation for that so
even with the circumstantial case it's
not sufficient to convince Oswald but if
you say against whom else is there a
circumstantial case there isn't anybody
for whom you have even a plausible
circumstantial case so you can say well
CIA or maybe there's some marksman you
have them there in Dallas with people
seeing it so you go from a very a a
significant amount of evidence in a
circumstantial case against Oswald
but not enough to convict him but
nothing against any other person so I
don't know 40% Oswald did it
60% someone else and who knows who that
was and I can't even name one person
with one percent plausibility